>> Speaker 1: One thing that I generally
will do is if my application has
any kind of data that's coming from
a server, and rarely does it not.
I think that pretty much every
non-trivial application has
some server side concern,
is I generate a core data library.
And so this is where kind
of all my data is consumed.
And I may put my state
management in there as well.
So, ng g lib and core-data.
Let me just do this -d just to
see what's going to happen.
So far, so good.
All right, let me just pull the d off.
>> Speaker 1: And
we already did the material.
So far everything that we've done,
material has been kind of
a utility kind of a barrel module.
Core data is going to be strictly
I would say business logic,
server-side communication, but
you can also put, UI things in a lib.
So for instance,
let's say you have a common header,
a common footer that needs to be
shared across multiple applications.
This is very, very handy as well,
so we'll go ng g lib and
we're going to call this one ui-login.
So, this is where we'll
put our login screen,
that you can now share across local
applications, and we're going to,
again use that p for prefix, and ui.
So, in an app, it's app in a lib, it could
be ui, or whatever you wanna call it.
So, you know, if you work for
a company you may wanna have
kind of a condensed prefix.
So, whatever you wanna put here.
I'm going with ui.
>> Speaker 1: And
then we'll do just one more here.
I'm calling this the toolbar p =ui.
So we generated
some libs.
Let me just pull up the file exports so
that we can see.
Zoom this out.
So in our libs we have core-data, so
this is where we'll put our services.
We have material,
which we've talked about, and
then we have ui-login,
which is going to hold the login screen.
And ui-toolbar,
which is going to be kind of that top
header, that we'll eventually build out.